So now let's talk about AWS Managed Services or AMS
which is a bit weird because well many services
on AWS that shares RDS are managed services.
But AWS Managed Services is actually a team of people
that is going to provide you infrastructure
and application support on AWS.
So AWS has a team of AWS experts
that provide services and they are called the AMS team,
the AWS Managed Services.
And what they will do is
that they will manage and operate your infrastructure
for security, reliability, and availability.
And they will help organizations upload routine
maintenance tasks and focus on their business objectives.
So it's a fully managed service and AWS is going to handle
many common activities such
as exchange requests, monitoring, patch management,
security, and backup services.
And they will implement best practices
and they will maintain your infrastructure
to reduce your operational overhead and risk.
They run 24/7 and 365 days a year
and they really help you just get started in the cloud
and worry about other things
and how to run the cloud itself.
So to summarize, the managed services of AWS
enable you to create a baseline
and then you can sustain, build or migrate
and they will help you with that as well.
And then they will help you operate your infrastructure
in the cloud.
So it's not a service, it's not like something you can do
from the console directly.
You have to contact the sales of AWS.
They will get in touch and then they will help you.
Finally, with thanks to this
(indistinct) the benefits while you get improved security,
you have focus on automation,
because most of what they do is actually automated,
stronger compliance, reduced operating costs,
because you are dealing with experts,
simplified management and frictionless innovation.
Alright, that's it for this lecture.
I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.